PQC: ML-DSA (#4270)
randombit/botan: src/lib/pubkey/dilithium/dilithium_modern/info.txt

<defines>
DILITHIUM_MODERN -> 20240728
</defines>

<module_info>
name -> "Dilithium Modern Instances"

> brief -> "Base module for modern dilithium and ML-KEM"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brief -> "Base module for SHAKE-based Dilithium and ML-KEM"
```
